[Music]
hi my name is Louise and I'm the
designer for wish Burbank's combo baby
in this online kinnear class I'm going
to be showing you how to use these
rhinestone and beads with the bead caps
on each side to make a necklace I'll be
going through the list of materials
we're requiring to make the necklace
first they are we're going to need about
a meter of Tiger Tail
I've cut it into two segments of 50
centimeters it's just a silver plated
one we're going to need sixteen ten
millimeter czech glass pearls in a black
color eleven six millimeter black Czech
loss pills five eight millimeter
rhinestone rondelle's
they are silver plated and they've got a
black diamond setting in them six of the
clear stone beak of Randall's with the
bee camps they've got the Rondo on the
center and the to be capped extending
from each side we're gonna need to
Charlotte ends in silver plated I've
gone for a shoulders iron in this case
two jump rings in a silver plated
twisted four millimeter size a toggle
clasp which has a silver plated one and
I've done truthin the flower design for
this necklace one teardrop it's a five
by ten millimeter in size and it's jet
black in color the antique silver Daisy
spacers and we're going to need some
crimps in silver plated the tools that
will be requiring our chain nose pliers
and we're just going to need some simple
wire cutters so what I've done for this
necklace is we've laid out the beads in
the sequence that we'd like them so
we've got one tassel or basically a drop
coming from the center then we're gonna
have one section here and then a section
coming up towards the pass so to start
off this necklace what we'll be doing is
just taking one piece of the 50
centimetres of Tiger Tail and then I'll
just throw it on a crimp at the end and
then onto that I'm gonna thread on the
five by ten millimeter teardrop and then
taking this first part
just going back into that so that he
turns around into a loop so that's going
to make it so it's a nice tassel it
seemed so it's teardrop down the bottom
so I'll creep that down there and then
we're going to cut off this first bit of
wire so there's just the longer pieces
extending from it so I've got the longer
piece there and what we're gonna do is
I'm gonna thread on the beads in this
first segment and we're gonna thread on
Daisy spacers in between so I've got a
daisy spacer the six millimeter daisy
spacer the 10 millimeter grass pill
daisy spacer and these are the
rondelle's with the be caps so they're
actually going to overlap over that ten
millimeter glaspell to a certain extent
then after that ten mil the rhinestone
rondelle daisy spacer another of the 10
millimeter glass pills another riders
stoner rondell with the B caps and then
finishing up at the top it's one of
these 10 mils so we've got all of those
threaded on there but a daisy spacer at
the top it's gonna cover that hole and
then what we're gonna do is we're gonna
spread on a crimp onto the top and then
before we crimp is were actually gonna
insert the second piece of the Tigertail
so that's all just make sure that's all
nice and snug and then taking the other
piece of Tiger Tail just insert that in
now you want to insert it so it's
actually surpassing a few of the beads
so I've actually got it like halfway in
that last ten millimeter pearl and then
pulling it down you just want to crimp
that really nice and tight so that's
going to be the center of our necklace
and these two pieces are the tiger tail
what we'll do now is just bend down that
way so they're actually gonna go like
that so are we gonna have this necklace
piece and then we're gonna have just
these six four millimeter
glass pills just at the start of it so
we've got that and then I'm threatening
on a crimp from to be spun and then I'll
do the same for the other side
so we've got percentile and then we've
got the true class pills
extending from that and now what we're
gonna do is we're going to crimp up a
tiny bit so I'll do one side and then
we're going to repeat the other side so
I'm in crimping up leaving a gap so I'm
going to get there I'll creep on to the
other side just to make sure that it is
at the same level
and then what we're going to do is throw
it on this section of the beans and the
other section of the beach and crimp on
the other side so I basically just
continue to thread those beads on and
then I was from hitting the same for the
other side
so it's symmetrical now what we're gonna
do is we're just going to finish up with
this last section which is actually
going to attach straight on to the clasp
so I'm going to put another crimp
so thread another crimp on to that side
of the tiger tail and then crimping
allegory about that far up so that would
be about four or five centimeters up
from the last segment I'll do the same
as I did for the start of it so we'll
bring them both together
and then make sure that these skis
approximately at the same level so that
our necklace is going to be so much for
cut the end and then I'm gonna thread on
this section of the so we've got the six
mil czech glass pearl and black the ten
mil the rhinestone run down with the
black the ten mil and then the six mil
so I will thread that on and crimp it on
the other side so you've just completed
that math section and then what we're
going to do is we're just going to use
the Charlatans to attach it onto the
clasp so I'm just going to thread my
guitar up the bottom hole of the
Charlotte end and then we're gonna put a
crimp inside and then cut it off sorry
thread that on I've got cream inside
[Music]